Update deployment suggestions (#1076)
memgraph/documentation: pages/deployment/aws.mdx

from the [following page](/getting-started/install-memgraph/direct-download-links#linux)

Running Memgraph natively will bring some speed improvements compared to the

> Docker version of Memgraph. However, deploying Memgraph with Docker is a more straightforward approach
> since it comes with built-in Memgraph MAGE algorithms.
> Memgraph MAGE contains modules that are written in C++, Python and Rust, which 
> will require manual work to enable them manually. For native deployment, check the guide on 
> [how to build Memgraph MAGE algorithms from source](/custom-query-modules#install-mage-and-import-query-modules).
> If you're trying out Memgraph for the first time, and running your own benchmarks against it, Docker is the 
> recommended way to run Memgraph, as it accelerates the time to value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker version of Memgraph. However, deploying Memgraph with Docker is a more straightforward approach
since it comes with built-in Memgraph MAGE algorithms.
Memgraph MAGE contains graph algorithms and utility modules written in C++, Python and Rust. If you decided to run Memgraph natively, then you need to build MAGE from source, which requires manual work. For native deployment, check the guide on 
[how to build Memgraph MAGE algorithms from source](/custom-query-modules#install-mage-and-import-query-modules).
If you're trying out Memgraph for the first time, and running your own benchmarks against it, Docker is the 
recommended way to run Memgraph, as it accelerates the time to value.
```
